题目Some people think that advertisements make people buy the same products and discourage them from being different individuals. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

It is suggested that advertisements are keeping people from become different individuals since it decrease the variety of products purchased by the people.
In my opinion,  advertisements do encourage people to by the same product, but not all people would loose their characteristics.

There is no doubt that advertisements have impacts on our decisions of buying which products. Since the lack of professional knowledge, it is difficult for consumers to distinguish ideal products from others, but only believe the advertisements. What's worse, advertisement providers even show their advertisement once and once again so that weaken consumers' abilities to find suitable products and make more people to buy same productios.

However, which product bo people buy is not only defined by the advertisements. Obviously, people with different finanical conditions would not purchase same product for same purpose. For instance, not all people are willing to pay for the products in advertisements, and some people would like to spend their time to find cheaper products in a supermarket or mall. Advertisement is only one of the aspects that people consider when choose products, therefore cannot eliminate characteristics of individuals.

Furthermore, advertisements itself are variable since products are variable. To earn more money, companies are encourage to invent different products and design different advertisements for their products. Therefore, there are lots of different advertisements for a variety of different products for people to choose, and there is no worry about loose characteristics.

In conclusion, it is true that advertisements have impacts on people's decision of purchasing, but it is difficult to say such impacts would discourage them from being different individuals. People are making their decision on not only advertisements, but also many other aspects.