题目Some people believe that charitable organizations should give aid to people in the greatest need wherever they live, while others think charitable organizations should concentrate on helping people in their own country instead. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.

In recent years, there are some globalized charitable organizations helping poor people all over the world to reach a better life, while some people suggest that charitable organizations should pay more attention on those people in their own contry. Whether charitable organizations should launch globalized aid plan is now a controversial issue.

Charitable organizations have limited money and therefore are difficult to support foreign people. Global resource transportation is much more expensive than delivering items within a country. It would cost more on transportation to support global aid and therefore less resources would reach those poor people.

Besides, the main reason of poor is not the lack of finicial aid, but the corruption of government. Even though the resources can reach those poor countries, they are more likely to appear in officers' home rather than in people's home. On the contrary, charitable organizations are mostly founded in rich countries without a corrupted government, where the finicial aid can reach the people rather be stolen by the government.

Moreover, finicial aid is sometimes not benefit for long-term development of the poor country. It is difficult tasks for a poor country to build their own industry and accumulate wealth. But with finicial aid, a poor country can but the necessary resources in global market rather then build their own factories. It seems that these countries get rid of the poverty with the finicial aid, but actually they would go back to poor countries instantly without finicial aid.

In conclusion, give aid to poor people around the world is the duty of charitable organizations, but supporting a foreign country is not always a good choice. Even though global finicial aid is a wonderful vision, charitable organizations should pay more attantion in their own contry.